1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.
-First and foremost question: How can they understand these google searches made after breakup?
-Second question: The sources they used are just magazines, how can the researcher take these as legitimate?
2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL. 
https://trends.google.com/explore?geo=US&date=2025-01-01%202025-12-31&q=milkshake
3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.
a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”? Milkshake
In june, 100
b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
In December, 74 
4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).
a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
lowest dip? Highest is in May, 100;and lowest is in december, 75.
b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?
It changed even though the date is same with the previous
5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.
These results are probably just a rate to simplify the visual.
6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).
a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
and Hamburger? 
I see the pattern slightly, first three months and last two monthhs they have positive correlation.
b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake? 
Same with milkshake except the first two months the have positive correlation.
7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article?
As the correlation is not that high, rather low, I don't think the results are mainly effected from each other. 
That's why I would question the reliability.
8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”
a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
 North Carolina
b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?
 South Dakota
9. Use the download icon to download a csv file with these search trend results. Save it
to your DataAnalytics/week-01 folder as GTrends_milkshake_hamburger_2024.csv Done
  
